refactor(formcontrol): add possibility to render fieldset and legend (#1485)
contentful/forma-36: packages/components/forms/src/checkbox/Checkbox.mdx

## Accessibility

- To ensure `Checkbox` meets accessibility standards, provide `name` and `id`;

> - When using `Checkbox.Group` it whould be wrapper by a `fieldset` and have a `legend`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using `Checkbox.Group` it would be wrapped in a `<FormControl as="fieldset"> and have a <FormControl.Label as="legend".
```

>   - We also provide `FormControl` and `FormControl.Label` that can be rendered as `fieldset` and `legend`

Reviewer: it seems like a repetition of the point above?
